Updated Account generation page (#839)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn-account-generation.md

## Polkadot.js

> > Please note! If you use Polkadot.js to create your account and clear your cookies in your browser,
> > your account will be lost forever if you do not [backup your account](learn-account-restore). If
> > you create your account with Polkadot.js it is important to backup your account as it is with any
> > other method you choose to generate your account with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please note! If you use Polkadot.js to create your account and clear your cookies in your browser,
> your account will be lost forever if you do not [back it up](learn-account-restore). Make sure you store your seed phrase in a safe place, or download the account's JSON file if using the PolkadotJS browser extension. Learn more about account backup and restoration [here](learn-account-restore).
```

Reviewer: Needs prettier

Using the Polkadot.js user interface without the plugin is not recommended. It is the least secure
way of generating an account. It should only be used if all of the other methods are not feasible in
your situation.

### Go to Polkadot Apps

Navigate to [Polkadot Apps](https://polkadot.js.org/apps) and click on "Accounts" underneath the
Accounts tab. It is located in the navigation bar on the top of your screen.

![pjs-01](assets/accounts/polkadot_js_01.png)

> > Note: For these photos, I am currently connected to the Polkadot network. To create an account on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: For these screenshots, I am currently connected to the Polkadot network. To create an account on
```

> a different network, you'll need to click on the network selection in the top left corner of the

> > navigation menu. From there, you can select from a list of live, testing, and your own network to

Reviewer: "from" three times in a sentence
